##  Routine

#### When I started my first 'adult' jo out of college, I was working in a screen printing shop.  I was really taken by this job.  I saw in that job, something that has been passed down over the years.  I saw craftsman and I wanted to be the best at it.  However, this experience, led me to losing a lot of my creativity.  Looking at peoples work for hours, led me to seeing their designs when I would go home to work on my own work.  It was really hard to find my own inspiration and to find what was my own. 
#### I went to school for photography.  I loved the works of the Mary Ellen Mark.  I always assumed that I would become a photographer.  Spending time in the darkroom was simply a joy.  The chemicals were a process and a sort of alchemy.  I remember taking photos up until I started printing, and when I started printing, I saw the artform and really enjoyed it.  One of the things I am most proud of in my career is printing posters. Although the money isn't necessarily the best, having a really well printed poster is a really great feeling. 
####  Here are a couple of things that for me, have killed my creativity. 
  * Instagram - This may go without saying, but this has taken an artform, and turned it into a lifestyle.  I appreciate the raw grittiness that came with shooting film.  
  * Designers co-opting designs.  One example in particular sticks out.  While working at this print shop, a design came up to be printed. I thought the illustration was really original and a great design.  The colors were great and the composition was interesting. However, I later found a collection of matchbooks, and this design was on one of them.  This was an older collection of matchbooks, but quite a few of this 'designers' designs were lifted from these matchbooks.  Gone are original thoughts, and instead, designs are just 'borrowed' from others.
#### With all of the things that bring me down, I have found something however that can lift up my creativity.  Playing bike polo.  For me, this started as a competitive game.  I enjoyed trying to become the best, and I could see gains in how well I was doing.  However, over the past year I have been going on a journey, where I no longer care about the results, I instead care more about my own style of play.  This has been such a great pursuit, and way I can truly enjoy myself.  